Ladies and gentlemen
Today's banquet is a gift from the Supreme
So today we are going to answer the worries of the Supreme
Repay the Supreme
The Supreme usually hates the traitor Lu Wushuang the most
Saving the world for treason is named by the Supreme
Famous from the family tree
They are the parents of the traitor Lu Wushuang
Oh what a shame
To cultivate traitors
Bah, it has disgraced our village
Our whole army deserves it
Just whole body
Still a national thief
Kill them
How dare you touch the dog thing?
village chief
Is there still one dish missing from today's banquet?
Little Sky Little Sky
little day
Hahaha